Kyushu Group Zhou Ning meets the young master
Manager Zhou, what did you say?
This toad turned out to be the young master of the Kyushu Corporation
How dare you insult the young master
Are you looking for death?
Hurry up and kneel down and kowtow to the young master
Young Master, I was wrong
I offended you with my eyesight
Please forgive me
The young master is inferior, and the vocational education is not strict.
Bumped into you
Please punish the young master
Young Master, are you mistaken?
The person who gave me the ring didn't say to let me be the young master?
Impossible to admit wrong
The group just issued an order
The person who owns your ring is the young master
That old man must have made a mistake.
Let's talk about punishment later
Have you prepared the bride price for me?
Mr. Shao, come with me
The goods are ready for you.
What about me?
You just kneel here
Yuyang, I was wrong.
You look at our past love
Give me a break.